Modify S1874: Migrate to LayC (#3241)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1874/description.adoc

> Developers who maintain libraries or APIs annotate code as deprecated to indicate that the method, class, or other programming element is no longer recommended for use, usually because it has been superseded by a newer or more effective alternative. For example, when they've found a better solution or when the existing code is prone to errors or security risks. 

Reviewer: What about rephrasing this block as follows?

```suggestion
Code is often annotated as deprecated by developers maintaining libraries or APIs to indicate that the method, class, or other programming element is no longer recommended for use. This is typically due to the introduction of a newer or more effective alternative. For example, when a better solution has been identified, or when the existing code presents potential errors or security risks.
```

> Code is often annotated as deprecated by developers maintaining libraries or APIs to indicate that the method, class, or other programming element is no longer recommended for use. This is typically due to the introduction of a newer or more effective alternative. For example, when a better solution has been identified, or when the existing code presents potential errors or security risks.

Reviewer 2: I guess it's representative of our respective languages, but I wouldn't call it "often" :)
```suggestion
Code is sometimes annotated as deprecated by developers maintaining libraries or APIs to indicate that the method, class, or other programming element is no longer recommended for use. This is typically due to the introduction of a newer or more effective alternative. For example, when a better solution has been identified, or when the existing code presents potential errors or security risks.
```
